how old were you at your first Oscar
show I was 23 you were one of the
youngest people ever nominated for best
actor of the youngest people ever
nominated from Saturday fever who took
would you go to the show with I went
with my mother and father mom and dad
I'm a dad and they they were anxiously
waiting to see if I won or not and my
mom turned to my dad said did he win and
he said no and he she said good and and
I said why did mom say good and he said
because she wanted you to have something
to look forward to oh that's very silly
or sweet and I actually didn't want to
win because I had no speech prepared and
and when Stallone said that young you're
pause new pause heavyweight a thought oh
god I've won I have nothing to say
Richard Dreyfuss and I was relieved you
were yeah Wow I was even relieved when
when Tom Hey I hope fiction I was
nominated and when Tom Hanks one item I
said I was hoping you'd when he said
okay he said why I said I don't know I
just just easier if you win well it's it
really now you presented tonight on the
I wanted to I want to take a break and
when we come back I'd like to talk about
the incident because I don't think
you've explained what happened I was in
a Chinook helicopter
I got revolta is Here I am Jimmy Kimmel
if you like that subscribe to our
YouTube channel to get all our latest
videos before they die and go to youtube
heaven